Add Examples that test the library (#31)
ipinfo/rust: README.md

data fields such as the IP type and company information. To get the complete list of
information on an IP address and make more requests per day see [https://ipinfo.io/pricing](https://ipinfo.io/pricing).

## Examples

> This library provides several ready to run examples located in the `/examples` directory. These can be run directly, replacing `<token>` with your access token

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are several ready to run examples located in the `/examples` directory. These can be run directly, replacing `<token>` with your access token
```

```bash

> cargo run --example examples/lookup -- <token> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion 
cargo run --example lookup -- <token>
```
full path should not be specified for examples.

```
```bash

> cargo run --example examples/lookup_batch -- <token> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion 
cargo run --example lookup_batch -- <token>
```
